[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> [BREATHING EXERCISE WARM-UP]
[VOCAL EXERCISE]
How are you in this
now of your time?
>> Very good.
How are you?
>> We are wonderful, full of
wonder to be able to interact
with you in this
now, in this way.
We ask you how may we
be of service to you?
You may proceed with however
your imagination sees fit,
with any questions, statements,
reflections, or exclamations!
>> Excellent.
I have a number of
questions today.
Thank you.
And first and foremost, I'd
like to know a little bit more
about Bella the
being and the race
from what I understand
you come from, the YahYel.
What about Bella, and what
about the race, the YahYel?
>> What about Bella?
Sounds like a fun TV show!
Yes, I am a specific
representative
of what I refer to as the hybrid
lineage, the result of what you
would understand as the gray
human hybrid program, a very
specific type of gray.
I am from a specific,
YahYel race,
in this way, that is one
of the civilizations that
was created from one type
of human hybrid program.
The YahYel, simply
enough, is a Hebrew word
derived from a Hebrew word
that means "community"
or "structure," a structure
within where individuals
can shine brightly, a
community of structure that
shines brightly.
We are, in ways, your ancestors,
for there was a time, as you
would define it, when we
were one race existing
in fourth density
before what you
might understand as the fall.
There were those
of us that chose
to stay in this overlay
many, many, many years ago
as you would define it.
And then in your more
recent generations,
we were able to
contribute this DNA along
with the grays and your race and
also be created, you might say,
in a new way.
Many different versions,
many different timelines,
many different ways to
be able to hybridized
a hybrid for the
sake of continuing
to fractal a fractal.
This is my spice that
I add to the stew
to begin to blend more of the
stories, more of my teachers,
more of our ancestors--
brothers, and sisters,
and children, all
frames into the one
movie into the community
that can lay foundation and
build structure together.
The Bella, in that
way then, is a term,
a title that is indicative
of my (SINGS) frequency--
--for it is a connection an echo
within the oversoul of myself,
the oversoul of
the channel and I,
to be able to bring
forth in this now
a very precise pinpointed
form of communication
for all of our civilizations
to offer a song,
an echo of the fractal of
the fractal in a precise way.
Does this suffice in this
now as an introduction?
Very good introduction,
thank you.
This echo, so to speak,
is this something then
that Gita, the person, growing
into this channeling state
is resonating with
and bringing--
>> She resonates
in, you might say.
>> I see.
>> Relax in.
>> Relax into this echo.
>> Yes.
>> And by having this
conversation like this are we
playing the song, so to say?
>> Oh, yes.
>> OK.
>> But here's another meaning
in this way for my title,
for the label of my vibration,
is to offer the idea to you all
that you are all
your own Belles.
Each and every fractal
of existence, each
and every manifestation
in physicality is a Belle,
resonating within the
echo of consciousness
itself, able to bring
forth its own signature
song, its own signature story.
Does this make sense?
>> I think so, yeah.
So since you mentioned
density, what density
does Bella Isabella reside in?
>> Bella is the term,
in this way, then,
that I do prefer for
my individualized self,
for it is still important for
us all to have that type of--
>> Identification.
>> --identification, yes.
And the Isabelle is
just for fun and also
to be able to relay a message.
I exist in perhaps
what you would
understand as fourth density.
The terms, the labels, the
numbers get a little arbitrary.
They are, in fact, arbitrary
and don't necessarily
hold weight within
the greater structure,
but all this is just language.
>> Right.
>> Yes.
But for fun, this is where
we are choosing to describe.
I am residing in an
overlay of fourth density.
This is the dream
realm, simply enough.
This is your elementals realm.
This is where most of the
consciousness of your plants,
and animals, and
minerals truly reside.
This is just beyond
the corner of your eye.
This is where your
civilization is headed.
So I am residing in a bridge
as close to your density
as I can be in the denser
forms of fourth density.
>> From my understanding,
humanity is sort
of in the beginnings
of fourth density or--
>> You phase in and out, yes.
>> Phase in and out.
>> Yes, most of you,
generally speaking, yes.
>> Would you in another--
>> And what this means,
for clarification,
for those that may not have
an understanding of this
or, again, to offer my own
harmony line within this
oversoul song--
is the knowing that you
are in a dream, the knowing
that this is an experience,
the knowing that you
are spirit in matter.
The knowing of this is what
then dictates the consciousness
to have the experience of that
which we are calling "forth
density."
But we feel it relevant
to say it in this way,
it is knowing that
you are in the dream.
And you all have moments where
you fades in and out of this.
And more and more and more,
it is becoming your knowing
through your experience
you are solidifying
and you are relaxing
into remembering
what it is you actually are,
where you have always been.
>> Like being lucid in a dream?
>> Correct, yes.
>> Obviously, you guys
must have a planet.
>> No.
>> [GRUNT] There we go.
>> [IMITATION GRUNT]
>> That's why!
>> Obviously!
>> Well, kind of.
>> Not so obvious!
>> Not so obvious.
All right, so--
>> Not as you would
define it, no.
>> So you guys just
hang out on ships?
>> Are you listening?
>> [LAUGHS] OK, let me get
a sip of coffee for this.
All right, please explain.
>> We exist in a dream world.
It may look spherical.
It may look like what you
would define as a planet.
But it is not in
another star system.
It is not, in that way, what
you would define as a planet,
not like the created Essassani
not like those planets
around Sirius.
It is the place of dreams.
It is somewhere in between.
It is, in this way then--
speaking a bit more technically
in a density overlay,
in a vibration
that the Gaia herself, in
one way of looking at it,
used to, in a past,
existed in fourth density,
and then, in a future will,
exists in fourth density.
>> I see.
>> But it is always in existence
and always in a density
overlay.
And we were essentially able to
maintain this dream world when
there was the split
of our original race
many, many, many, many, many
years ago before the fall,
in this way.
This space was able
to be maintained.
This is what I have been calling
[? Adorapan, ?] [? Adorapan, ?]
a door is opening
to [? Adorapan. ?]
>> I see.
>> We were able to hold
an anchor, you might say,
in this fourth density
expression of Gaia here
and now, always here
in the his, and her,
their story and also
always in the future.
Then we, yes, have our ships
that are birthed and born
in a variety of different
ways, from silicone, plasma,
and different types
of crystals, that we
are able to bring at a
slightly deeper density, closer
to that of third
density but still
within the level
of fourth density.
[? Adorapan, ?] in
this way, is a bridge
itself in fourth density.
>> I see.
>> Yes.
We also then like the
lyrics from a version
of "Peter Pan" on your planet.
In ways, we are second
star to the right
and straight on till morning.
We are not on any chart.
You must find with your heart.
Never, Neverland
or [? Adorapan. ?]
we might be miles beyond
the moon or right there
where you stand, just
keep an open mind,
and then suddenly you'll
find [? Adorapan. ?] No,
it is not a different planet.
>> I see, hence the
connection to the fairies--
>> Yes.
>> --the other Earth elves.
>> The elementals.
>> The elementals, yes.
So no planet, so there goes
the rest of my questions.
>> Oh!
>> But that explains
a lot, so thank you.
Because I've had conversations
with other yellow beings
through other channelers,
and it would always come up.
What's going on here?
And nobody could quite
put their finger on it,
so this was a nice
little surprise--
>> Fun.
>> --but not such a surprise.
>> Yes, we are very honored
in this way and excited, then,
to be able to bring a bit more
then of my slice of the pie
my translation of the community,
together in which we all shine
brightly.
>> And your slice--
I know there's a bit of
Sirius energy in the slice,
but Sirius is a
star with a planet--
>> Many, yes.
>> --many planets, many
beings in different planets.
So can you tell us
your relationship
to that and that connection?
Is that through this
alternate Earth connection?
Does Sirius helped seed
your planet as well
or your version
of [? Adorapan? ?]
Your version of Earth?
Is there Sirius energy in there?
>> Yes, we understand what
you are meaning in regards
to, well, this gets
technical here.
>> [LAUGHS] OK.
>> And we start tiptoeing into
territory that is not quite
relevant.
>> OK.
>> There is connection, yes,
to Sirius and that which you
understand as the Anunnaki.
>> Yes.
>> Some connection, but again,
this is still in the process
of being relevant to
fully come to light.
>> OK.
>> And, yes, so in our
version of our density overlay
and our version of Gaia, yes,
we do share, then, the same--
his and her story in this way
to the most relevant version
of your Gaia and that we are
on the way into blending.
Does that make sense?
>> Yeah.
>> And then in that way--
also, I say my slice
for all truths are true.
And there may be
different versions,
different members
of the YahYel that
have different experiences.
There are perhaps different
branches of the same family
tree that do have their own
type of planet, be it AI,
but this is, from my
perspective-- again,
from my slice--
from my observation
of relevancy,
the way that the YahYel
are telling the story.
So then those of us
connected to this slice also
then have Sirius as a
type of oversoul, higher
self-connection.
Many of us have direct
parallel incarnations
that we connect to from time
to time, but most of the time,
most of the times it
is relevant to have
that constant
connection with Sirius.
It is part of the triad that
we are building together
with your civilization,
with the [? ooss ?]
in its various forms,
the ascended fully,
enlightened, as you might
say, version of Sirius.
Sirius and Gaia are,
in a way, sisters?
>> Right, yeah.
I've heard this.
>> We could say it simply enough
that share similar stories,
similar transitions, once again,
relating to the importance
of the emotional body
and the variations,
the stark polarizations of
the experience of limitations.
>> Right.
>> And so certainly, for those
of us that are from more recent
generations of the
hybrid lineage,
it was part of the agreement
that we would come in on this
wave, the wave of flowing with
the stream of the [? ooss, ?]
of the Sirius to, once again,
allow further understanding
of the journey of
limitless limitations.
>> So the [? ooss ?] are sort
of advanced Syrian beings,
so to say.
>> Yes.
>> OK, and that's just
sort of a title for that?
>> This is a lineage term, yes.
>> All right, OK.
>> And we just think
it's fun to say.
>> It is, [? ooss! ?]
[? >> Ooss! ?]
>> In Japanese, it's sort
of a shortened grouping
of, [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH].
And you say it really fast,
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH],, ooss!
>> [? Ooss! ?]
>> And it's just
like a greeting.
>> Yes, and we
greet, [? ooss! ?]
>> In martial art terms,
in karate and things,
we always [? ooss. ?]
>> Yes! [? Ooss! ?]
Yes, very close, yes.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> Watch it shift.
>> [LAUGHS] OK.
>> [? ooss. ?]
[? >> ooss. ?]
>> Nice.
[? >> Ooss. ?] [? Ooss. ?]
>> All right.
>> Yes, have fun tomorrow.
[? ooss. ?]
>> [? Ooss. ?] All right,
how do you perceive humanity
in the sense that you're
observing-- in the sense,
that we just said,
you never left.
So how are you connected in the
sense where you never leave?
How do you perceive us?
>> So how does it look from
the other side of the mirror,
you might say, yes?
>> How does it look from the
other side of the mirror?
Yes.
>> Not wanting to spook you,
but I am, you might say,
right there.
And it is like being able
to look through a veil.
It is remembering that we
are also physical, just
able to be in the knowing
that it is a dream so then
we are able to
manipulate it, you
might say, to travel in
between the frames consciously.
So it is like seeing
a movie because we
are not quite wanting to
break the fourth wall,
to be physical in that way.
We could.
Sometimes we do.
>> Right.
>> But it is you all making the
internal frequency adjustments
that then align with
that being a match,
where we are able to do
it with the permission
of your alteration of your own
frequency, but we still could,
but we wouldn't.
So it is very much like
looking through a window,
but it is even less
solid in that way for us.
Like looking through a
mist, through a veil,
you are right there
for us when we choose
to put our attention there.
Does this makes sense?
>> Yes, of course.
And for us to do this
form of communication
in this way and
manner, is this sort
of opening that
veil a little bit?
>> Oh, certainly!
Yes!
Big party, you might say!
>> All right, so not just you?
You said a party.
>> Yes, I'm not the
only one, in that way,
that is just there or just here.
>> Right.
>> Yes.
>> So there's many people
in line on your own end--
>> Oh, yes!
>> --talk on the phone?
>> Many people, many
different beings, yes.
>> Using Bella as a
channel in a sense?
>> In a sense, yes.
Yes, yes, party line.
>> To listen in?
>> Yes, to listen in, and
then we are all telepathically
connected.
So the relevancy of the story,
the specific translations, yes.
>> So there's a lot of talk
with other YahYel speak
in our interwebs
about hybrid children.
You mentioned earlier
this hybridization
that's been going on through the
[? Zetas, ?] through your race,
and the hybrid children
is a big subject,
and it's said that the
hybrid children are sort of
in the care of the YahYel.
Can you explain, from
your perspective,
how does that work?
>> We will offer the most simple
timeline, for this is shifting,
and there are some ideas that
we are not quite ready to fully
disclose.
>> Sure.
>> But these are the children
of more recent timelines,
more recent donors,
more recent generations.
These children are
closer to your genetics
and able to vibrate
closer to your density.
The YahYel do steward
most of these children.
The Sassani or Shakani
are also involved.
>> As stewards?
>> Yes, teachers as
well and students,
for the children have
a very deep connection,
innerstanding of emotions,
for as each generation
in the program reached clearer
and clearer reflections,
the experience was less
gray for each civilization.
There is less gray
DNA in each linear way
of looking at the creation
of the different races.
So the children, that which we
are calling the children, which
also I do wish to say may
come from the different races
that which you define as Sassani
that which you define as YahYel
but newer generations,
contain slightly more
emotional awareness--
to be able to feel,
match the experience that
have been chosen
by our ancestors,
by Earth civilization
so that we may better
understand and translate
different hack codes,
as you might say.
>> Hack codes for timelines?
>> For existence, for
being in your existence.
So, yes, for timelines,
but different ways
to be able to transmit
different variations
on a theme, difference
formulas, to have
an understanding of the
emotional experience of what
it truly means to
be on planet Earth
in your time and your density,
to be able to have more
of an emotional understanding
to relay different messages
that may be of a clearer and
more specific tone for you
all to further better ring your
own bells in your experience.
So I will speak, then,
specifically for my ship
of what I call "The Karen."
We have many hybrid
children aboard the craft
that for this now it is most
relevant to share that they are
what you would understand
a slightly different race,
a new race, the Shalanaya
being a race unto themselves.
So I have many of
these children with me,
and we all experience
many different classes,
many different ways of
transmitting information.
For my specific
department, you might
say it is mostly centered
around the ideas we
set of sharing the
emotional resonance,
of sharing the understanding
of the importance
of the emotional body, as
well as many different types
of playing, interacting
with different donors,
different parents, different
sisters, different cousins,
many different forms
of communication
with all of our larger family.
>> Larger family,
including Sirius and--
>> Yes, yes.
Yes.
>> --and these
other civilizations?
>> Yes.
>> Are you one of
these children?
>> Yes.
In one way of
looking at it, yes.
Always in this
way, you all should
know that I do also represent
a very specific archetype
of the trickster.
So my information will
always come through very,
very specifically to help
remind you all that there
is this, and this, and
this, and this, and this,
and, ooh, and also this.
So yes.
Now I will take the most
direct answer on this
and remind you, then, also
that those of you that
have participated in this very
specific gray human hybrid
program, those of you
that have participated,
all of your genetics, of
your energetic informational
contributions exist
in all of us from all
of the hybrid races that
have been introduced
to you thus far that are
relevant for this specific
lineage.
So we are all your
hybrid children.
This is, then, also
a fun opportunity
to segue into
here, from my echo,
that Shalanaya is a combination
of two Arabic words--
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] the sun
of divinity, sun of purity;
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] is also an
Arabic word that is "daughter
of purity," "daughter
of divinity."
Together, the
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH] are sons
and daughter of light,
purity, divinity.
So we are all, all-- we say
all the sons and daughters
of light, divinity, and purity.
We are all hybrid children.
Once again, always
wishing to root you
all back to what
we feel is actually
relevant for your continuation.
Yes, there are specific hybrid
children that many of you
are more so connecting to in
your own ways that are not
technically in your density.
Now in your now, yes,
there is differentiation.
And we also thank
you for picking up
on a bit of a subtext
within my monologue
that, yes, I am a very recent
birth, generationally speaking.
So I am, then, a bit closer
to what you would typically
define as the Shalanaya,
as the hybrid children.
Yes.
But perhaps a
slightly older sister
or a slightly more mature
auntie, in that way, slightly.
This is why I originally came
through in this way as a child,
and there was the
cofusion of me actually
being of the Shalanaya, and then
later it was relevant for me
to explain that I am
actually of the YahYel,
once again reminding
you all that truly
the details in this story
are not what truly matters.
They're fun.
They're interesting.
Yes, they do lead to some
further understanding
to breadcrumbs, to
activations for you all
to begin to align with
your own synchronicity,
with your own information,
but ultimately, it
is not what matters.
>> Excellent.
I need to take a
little technical break.
>> Yes, as does the channel.
>> Excellent, OK.
So we'll--
>> Synchronicity.
>> --see you shortly.
>> Yes.
[VOCAL EXERCISE]
[LAUGHS]
>> [LAUGHS] So far, so good?
You doing all right?
>> Yeah, are you good?
You having fun?
>> Yeah, that was great.
>> OK.
[LAUGHTER]
>> All right, we gotta do
a little battery switches.
>> Oh, shit.
[LAUGHS]
>> Are you going deep?
Yeah.
Water there.
[SIDE CONVERSATION]
Can you go for maybe another 30?
>> For sure.
>> Ah, sweet!
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]
>> A hybrid is many
different things.
It may not be just two separate
unions coming together.
It can be many
different strands,
many different
branches of the tree,
aspects of polarity,
creating a new being,
a new state of being--
a new yolk, a new
union, however you
choose to translate, create,
rhapsodize simply as,
knowing you are part of the
Earth and part of the stars.
And that is enough
of a hybridization
for your translation.
As you all begin to
translate in your own ways,
create in your own ways what
it means to be a hybrid,
you are creating, in
actuality, your being
through your
translations that then
align with the relevant
storylines for creations.
This then allows
you to more so fully
be in your being, in your home,
in the vibration of the sound
itself, the reverberation
of creation,
you choose what you use
to create your hybrid.
[INSTRUMENTAL TRANSITION]
[VOCAL EXERCISE]
Hello!
Welcome back to the now!
>> Again, thank you,
today, for doing this.
This is awesome.
>> Yes, it is our
joy, as always.
And thank you for being
you to the fullest.
>> It's the only way to be.
>> Yes.
>> So you mentioned
trauma, human trauma,
and you sort of have--
I'm just wondering how
is this perspective--
you see it in your lineage,
do you guys experience trauma?
How does that work?
>> Not nearly in the same way.
We see it, but it is in very
diluted degrees in this way.
And we see it and
recognize its importance
to understand so that we
have some frame of reference
when connecting with you all,
and with your civilization,
and with your
choice, in this way.
>> So the trauma is a tool
to help access emotions
to connect--
>> From our perspective, yes.
Yes.
>> --to connect with us?
>> Yes.
>> As a connection--
>> Yes, and to connect
to greater understanding
and to greater innerstanding
of our larger family,
but specifically, again,
for those within my direct
department, we are utilizing it
in this now to be able to have
a frame of reference to have an
understanding of your emotional
experience to use different
forms of storytelling,
different ways to tilt the prism
of our core message to then
remind you of your
actual limitless,
as we were speaking of
earlier, to fully remind you,
help remind you so you remember
yourselves to truly knowing
that this is an experience,
that you are dreaming yourselves
into this experience and
that your traumas do not need
to prevent you from
telling different stories.
>> I see-- prevent us or even--
>> That they don't
need to hold you back.
>> You don't have to have
the attachment to them?
>> Correct.
That you truly can let them go.
Yes!
They need to be
felt. Yes, they need
to be held,
witnessed, addressed,
moved out of the
space of denial,
out of the darkness into
awareness and into light.
But once it has been
allowed to vibrate,
once you see that there
are other choices,
you can choose to make
a different choice.
But it does need to
be addressed, yes,
and this is how we
are choosing, then,
to be able to have some
level of your deep density
experience of your
traumas, in this way,
so then we have a
point of reference
again to be able to use
slightly different language
or bring forth slightly
different energies
so that you can feel validated
in your experiences, that
can build the muscle more so
for you to actually choose
different beliefs, to truly
then insert different beliefs
and become different versions.
Does this make sense?
>> Yeah.
>> Yes.
>> Yeah, and this is how we move
through recreating ourselves
a billion times a second, moving
into new versions of ourself,
parallel versions of ourselves
into the version that does not
have the trauma?
>> Yes.
Yes, yes, yes.
And by having the awareness
of slight variations
of your emotional
resonance of your emotions,
you can then find
your beliefs be
it limiting, negative beliefs
or positive integrated beliefs,
for you all have
the ability to feel
many, many, many, many,
many, many, many, many things
all at once, and you
also have the ability
to be aware that you are
feeling these things.
So by us sharing
that we are also
exploring the oceans of
sensation of feeling,
this then allows you all to
feel that much more seen--
to be able to honor your
own emotional space to then
be able to have the
awareness to see,
to recognize that
you are feeling
many, many, many, many,
many things all at once
and to choose.
And once you choose
that feeling,
to then work it back
to, as the saying goes,
what would I need
to be believing
is true in order to
be feeling this, be it
a positive or negative feeling.
You can then also find
the positive beliefs.
So this is a little
bit of my spice,
again, that I'm
adding to the stew.
My harmony line is to, in
each and every moment, become
very aware of your
emotions, be it
a dancer or the
higher-vibrating emotions.
And you can choose to know
that it may be time to feel
the denser emotions, yes?
To address those, to
move those, to give those
those space to vibrate.
>> Right.
>> Now there are some of you
that need to be encouraged
to go into that depth, yes?
That need to know that
it is safe to do that,
it must be part of their
journey, and then we might say,
for most individuals that are
in the soon-to-be-near future
experiencing this interview,
it may be time for those
individuals to feel
the other feelings,
the higher-vibrating feelings,
to know that it is time to make
the choice, to
feel, and believe,
and play a different role,
to flip into another infinite
frame, to become
aware of the shifts.
And a very wonderful way to
do this is to ask yourself
what you would need
to be believing
is true in order to feel this
way about a positive feeling.
So, yes--
>> So it goes both ways?
>> Yes, of course.
>> For us, that may be pie
in the sky, head the clouds,
all the time we maybe tend to
negate some of our heavier,
denser emotions, and it's a
good thing to revisit those
and express those, and you're
saying vise versa for those who
are deep in the trenches all the
time, and heavy on depression,
and maybe taking some Prozacs
that they could possibly get
a little taste of the
pie-in-the-sky stuff
and neutralize
that a little bit,
and sort of find that
neutral zone for both sides?
>> Certainly.
>> Probably already most
of the audience knows this,
but is this all coming from
our Orion Wars experience?
All of it, I'm sure?
Not all of it, but--
>> No, not all of it, but
that is some of it, yes.
>> Some of our
Syrian experiences--
>> There are many civilizations
within our greater lineage--
great, great, great, great,
great, great, great,
great, great, great, great
grandparents, yes?
>> Lira, Vega.
>> All of it, yes.
Also, then
specifically, that which
you understand as the Anunnaki
come from stories and worlds
of great contrast.
>> Yes.
And so, yes, all of this
residual trauma in this way
still exists in
varying dilutive forms.
It is very diluted in this
way, in the hybrid lineage,
but there are those of us
who then also understand
the importance of knowing
how to be able to access it
in an aware space.
>> So it's like telling the
story, the hero's journey,
all these classic
Joseph Campbell stories,
but knowing and having the
awareness that they're all just
stories, and we don't have
to become victim to them.
>> Yes, as we said,
remembering the choice.
>> The choice, exactly.
>> But then utilizing the
energy itself of the emotion--
feeling, honing, using,
musing the energy itself
of these emotions for
positivity for integration,
being able to harness the
forward-moving trajectory that
is within the energy itself of
these perhaps more challenging
emotions, to choose a
very positive definition
of just the frequency itself,
to truly transform it.
This is what your civilization
is doing at great lengths
as well.
And so by-- here's
where we throw it in--
following your joy in
each and every moment,
to the best of your ability,
without any insistence on where
it needs to lead you,
your higher selves
are in communication to
align you with any experience
that you may need to then
clear, and release, and look
at, and feel any of the residual
trauma that may have resulted
from this experience.
Does this make sense?
>> It makes sense.
So in essence, it's
almost, I don't have
to do the work, so to say--
>> So to say, yes,
until it arises.
>> Until it arises
in the moment.
>> Yes.
>> So I don't have to
go out and seek for it,
and I don't have to--
>> Not if that is--
>> --20 seconds with
a psychiatrist unless
it's in my highest excitement.
>> Yes.
>> Right.
So if it's not, then
just know that it
will arise when
it needs to rise,
and I'll deal with it when
it needs to be dealt with--
>> Yes.
>> --if I haven't
dealt with it already.
>> Correct.
>> OK.
That's cool I like that.
>> And this is a
case-to-case basis as well.
This is always up
for the individual.
This is when the clarity is
required for self-awareness
that only the individual can
choose to do for their self
to truly know what is the
difference between heart's joy,
of wanting alignment,
healing, further expansion,
and what is denial,
suppression, apathy.
Only the individual
can truly know this.
But then also, all
contained in the guide
to your galaxy, the
guide to your universe
by acting on
whatever you feel is
your translation of your
joy, of your passion,
regardless if it is actually
from your programming
or truly indicative of
your highest frequency,
regardless of where
it is actually
coming from by
staying in the stream,
staying in the trajectory
of what you believe,
what you feel to the
best of your ability,
honestly and authentically is
the representation of your joy.
Ultimately, those
different experiences
will align for
individuals to force
more up to their surface
for them to see to know,
oh, perhaps I do
need to look at this.
Avoidance, in this
way, can still
lead to a form of authenticity.
>> The event occurring in
another way, manifesting--
>> Manifesting in another way.
And it may be a very
challenging way,
but because of the innate
integrative nature of the all
that is, it may not be
in what you would define
as "this life," quote
unquote, this physical form,
but it will happen.
It align for that soul's
journey at some point
in their exploration.
>> But it's also a gift to
show how we do create our--
>> Yes, and how you can
transform what happens to you.
How it truly isn't what happens,
but what you do with what
happens.
>> Right, the opportunity.
>> Yes.
>> Everything is an opportunity.
>> Right.
Awesome.
To wrap it up, I was wondering,
so you had a beautiful sharing
of sort of a first-contact
experience when you spoke
with Vashta a few months ago.
>> Yes.
>> And you explained it from
a perspective that I thought--
in my mind, I had similar
visions of such an experience.
And you explained it from
sort of an Earth perspective.
Would you be able to explain
it from a first-contact,
from a YahYel
perspective, from Bella?
Or is this already
happening in this way?
Is this first contact?
>> This is our form
of first contact, yes,
but meaning in the physical way.
>> Meaning in the physical way.
>> In the physical way.
>> We spoke about this
dimensional door--
>> Yes, the veil that we are
always watching through in this
way, yes.
>> --see this sort of
mere, whole thing going on.
We have special effects
to do this thing
in our visual-effects world,
but sort of this prying
through a portal, so to say.
For contact, how does
that work for you
guys if we're doing our ceremony
and creating attention--
and maybe we're in a
community, or in a circle,
be it cacoa, fire, we have all
of these ways of permission
slips to access you
guys, channeling--
how, on your side, would you see
this first-contact experience?
>> We experience
it in every moment,
in every slice of the
veil that we see through,
in every attuning with
each biological channel,
in every whisper that we offer
to each of our family members.
And it is experienced
very similarly in the way
that we described in this story.
It is heard in the wind, for
we feel the wind where we are.
We feel the wind deeply
in each and every molecule
of our being.
We hear the songs
of the ancestors--
[TRIBAL SINGING]--
--and each call of the birds--
in each call that we make,
each extension, every time,
we come, we see, we watch.
It is then that we experience
more of the harmony
lines in the one
song with you all
when you experience this type
of physical contact consciously.
For us, the experience of
seeing you all on the landscape
and seeing the clouds
beginning to take
form into some type
of ship, to hearing
the call of the ancestors--
[TRIBAL SINGING]
--and hearing the
songs of the birds--
within experience, more
of the songs, more harmony
lines with you a richer song;
a deeper, louder, bigger
orchestra with more and more
levels of harmony, and echo;
more individual
ringings of the bell.
And every time we call,
every time we peer,
every time we connect, we
hear this echo of yestomorrow.
[TRIBAL SINGING]
We sincerely thank you for
this question and reflection.
>> Thank you.
>> Remembering that when we
come together in this way,
a new reality truly is created,
[? Adorapan, ?] a door is open,
the door is always open.
And now, you are that much
more aware of this space,
of this new room that
we create together.
Ding-dong!
The door is open.
With your choices with your
responses to your experiences,
that is then how you
stay on your preferred
side of the door.
We bid you an exciting now
full of further remembering
of the ever-constant of all
of the singing of the songs
of the harmony of the singing
in the sing-chronicity,
full of further
remembering of knowing
what you know to be true,
that you are in a dream,
dreaming a dream,
experiencing an experience,
playing in a play.
We bid you an exciting
now full of remembering
of all you know you know.
Our unconditional love to
you, and to you, good now.
>> Good now.
[VOCAL EXERCISE]
>> Whew.
>> Whew, yeah.
>> [LAUGHS] I'm in the
woods with Reuben Langdon.
>> Here we are.
>> And Steve, hi, Steve.
[LAUGHS]
>> [SIGH] Very cool?
>> Very cool.
>> Yeah, I got a little
tearied up on that one.
>> Awesome.
>> Yeah.
>> [LAUGHS] Me, too.
>> Hugs?
>> Hugs.
Yay!
>> Yay!
>> Oh, thank you!
Thank you, Steve.
>> Yeah, thank you.
Sweet.
[INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC]